hey how's it going guys this is Dave -
Dee and this is my review of the I don't
even know the name of this product hey
how's it going guys this is Dave - Dee
and this is my review of the camera our
sd1 slider mark - so this isn't my
regular kind of review
I don't do camera products that often
and I'm not even a camera guy but there
aren't that many reviews of this product
on YouTube right now so I thought I
should do one and it's a relatively new
product so if you're watching this video
you probably know what a slider is but
in case you're one of my subs who don't
I'll just explain what it is really
simply it is a device that you can put
your video camera on and it gives you a
platform to basically slide your camera
left and right to get really smooth
shots so just to clear it up right away
if you buy this from camera it's gonna
be a red plate instead of blue the color
of my slider is blue in black instead of
the red and black because I got it
reenergized I just went to a local shop
here paid 30 bucks got it done blue just
because I like the color blue the slider
platform itself is a milled piece of
aluminum it feels pretty solid and it
doesn't really have any play when I'm
wiggling it around which is good the
black knob up here is a brake that you
can use to lock the platform into
position so if you're traveling with it
or something you want to lock it into
place so it doesn't slide around up top
there's a standard 3/8 16 stud for
tripod heads and things but it also
looks like there's a quarter inch 20
stud underneath I didn't try it but I
think you can mount your camera directly
onto the plate if you need to if you
remember this slider is called the sd1
mark - there's an older version called
the mark 1 the difference between the
two is that the mark 2 has ball bearings
I did try the mark 1 or 2 store and I
can confidently say that the mark 2 is
much smoother to slide there is a way to
adjust the friction on the sliders so
the basic mechanic here is you're
adjusting how tightly the platform or
the block is gripping onto the rail so
they're two black screws here they're
really small but they give you a hex key
that fits and on the bottom there's four
screws that use just a regular flathead
I only points it out - but you get the
idea
using these adjustment points you can
adjust the friction to be super slick or
just to have a little bit of friction to
help with slower sliding shots I also
discovered that I really like pushing
sliding things are hung so the very
least I have 100
$50.00 lady toy here's a shot I did of a
paintball mask just by moving the slider
slowly across the rail if you look
carefully you can see there are moments
where the sliding isn't perfect and it
kind of stutters of it but I am pretty
new the sliders and I'm sure a seasoned
user could have made this shot easily
the two legs of the slider are also
milled aluminum and they attach to the
rail using two screws each you can
adjust the height of the legs by
twisting the screw here in and out
it lets you raise any one leg up and
down by an inch and it also has a hex
nut to lock it into place but you do
need to crank this nut down pretty tight
to lock it down well one last feature
that's kind of cool is this silver knob
here you can tie any kind of string to
it and use it to control the slider with
a pulley it's versatile and a lot of
things can work but the only thing I had
when I did this shot was a headphone
cable so you run your string or whatever
over the pulley and now you can control
your slider using this string the pulley
itself also has a ball bearing inside
you can do some pretty neat shots using
the slider on an angle it looks kind of
cool but keep in mind I only have a
monopod so it's kind of wobbly when I
pull strings and stuff but it did it
just to show you guys how it works I
think if you're more mechanically
inclined you could probably rig up a
small motor or something to wind this
thing up automatically so you basically
have like an electronically controlled
slider which would be pretty cool I
think the sd1 mark 2 is a pretty good
slider for 155 bucks I think it's got a
really good value but it's not the best
slider out there I mean something like
an i footage shark slider you're gonna
get smoother shots and better shots with
it but you're gonna pay a lot more for
it so if you're just getting into video
editing or video work I think this is a
good pickup for starters and yeah you
know what most importantly there are so
many other sliders at this price point
that are significantly worse than this
one so I don't think you can go wrong
with this but yeah if you like my video
if you liked the review give me a thumbs
up and if you're super interested in my
stuff give me a sub because I'm
constantly making videos I hope you guys
liked it I'll see you guys next time
you